what's up guys right here i have another
really cool Cydia tweak for you guys
this time it's called I type Apple icon
and as you guys can see is right here in
cydia but basically what this tweak
allows you to do is it actually allows
you guys to type an apple symbol or logo
on any text input you guys would like on
your iPhone iPod Touch or iPad now as
you guys can see I have the tweak right
here basically the good thing about this
tweak is it actually adds an apple
symbol on your keyboard of your device
so when you guys want to input text
somewhere you guys just have to tight
hold down the AE and scroll over to the
apple logo and you guys can type it so
let me show you guys what I mean let's
go into cydia for example and here's
search and as you guys can see let me
just let it load all right guys as you
guys can see we're just going to hold
down the a key and it'll bring up that
little list and we're just going to
scroll over and there's that little
apple icon that I type Apple icon added
to our a thing so we're just going to
press on it and as you guys can see it
typed it right into the cydia search bar
and you guys can really do this on
anything you guys want to um so let me
show you guys for example in Safari as
you guys can see I typed it right there
and Safari let me show you guys one more
time though arm Google alright so we're
to hold down that whoo we're going to
hold down the a key and we're just going
to scroll over and as you guys can see
it will type the Apple icon for us right
there and we can just google that and
nothing will show up and that's
basically it guys so if you want to get
this head on in dissidia and you guys
will need to add a source so head on
dissidia and click on manage right there
at the very bottom and you guys are
going to click on sources right in the
middle so there's quick one sources
right in the middle and what you guys
are going to do next is you guys are
going to click Edit right the top right
hand corner and then just click add and
you guys are going to type this in and
I'll glued this source in the video
description below if you guys didn't
catch it but basically it's just I hacks
repo dot-com just like that guys and I
kind of screwed
put in a 0 just like that guys I hacks
repo calm there it is i'll also have
that in your video description below and
just click add source and i already have
it added right there so i don't really
need to add it again but once you guys
have added that source click on search
in the bottom right-hand corner and you
guys are just going to search for i type
and you guys should see it come up in
the search display thing you guys will
see i type apple I constitutes tap on it
and you guys will be brought to this
page and just click install and that's
basically it guys I hope you guys liked
this tweak its kind of old kind of new
doesn't really matter guys I thought
just make a video on it so thanks for
watching make sure to please comment
rate and subscribe and I'll catch you
guys in the next video peace